hey everybody i'm brian with
aromacup.com and thank you guys as
always for joining me here in my virtual
coffee shop brought to you by
aromacup.com in today's video I'm giving
you an exclusive recipe from us here at
aromacup.com going to show you how to
make a cafe latte by making use of the
new Starbucks verismo single-serve
coffee machine brand new entry into the
world of single-serve coffee and
something that we've been talking about
here on aromacup.com got a lot of
exclusive videos for you so make sure to
check out our other videos to find out
more about this brand new entry into the
world of single-serve coffee as I say
I've got an exclusive recipe for you so
let me show you how we can make a cafe
latte by making use of the verismo by
starbucks now the operation of this
machine is very very easy and it's one
of the things that really like Starbucks
definitely kept it simple for the
operation of making just about any
coffee drink that you can make with the
very smell so let me show you the first
important thing that you need to know
about the verismo it's going to turn
itself off after 30 minutes so if you
leave it sitting on your countertop it's
going to turn itself off when you turn
it back on and I find very often when
you are making a new drink when you
haven't made one it may be a little bit
it's really good to run the rinse cycle
and that's real easy to do I'm going to
take my Bodom double-walled tumblr right
here I'm going to put that under the
brew station and now i'm going to press
the first button on the row of three
buttons right here on the face of the
verismo this is the rents button this is
also the espresso brewing button but for
now we're just going to use it for
rinsing so just go ahead and press that
button
now this isn't going to use not much
water but what this is going to do is
it's going to rinse out the Machine and
make sure that you get the best possible
flavor out of your beverage so this is a
good thing to do every once in a while
no matter what because rinsing the
machine is just going to make sure they
continues to function properly and gives
you the best possible beverage now I'm
going to go ahead and get rid of that
water this also gets our tumblr or cup
or anything like that a little bit warm
and we have found that keeping your cup
nice and warm is going to give you the
best coffee experience now the pods for
the verismo machine are a little bit
different from the ones that we've
encountered with other single serve
machines you notice that they're
relatively small and vacuum seals they
have a foil seal on the top right here
and in this case I have the cafe latte
package which you can purchase for the
verismo comes in a flip-top box just
like this and this gives you all of the
pods that you need in order to make your
cafe latte eight milk pods which make a
two percent cafe latte two percent milk
cafe latte and eight espresso pods you
can get this in decaf you can also get
this in regular espresso now the
espresso roast is not too dark and not
too light nice flavor of this of this
espresso and the milk pod just real
simple easy to tell what it is because
it's white and it's the only white one
in the very small line so first thing
that we're going to do is we're going to
make our milk pod this is real easy to
do we're going to pop the lever on the
top of the verismo we're going to take
our very small pod and it slides right
into the slot that's on the top of the
machine there's no way that you can mess
this up because that slot is just the
same size and shape as the verismo pod
close up the brew lever and now you're
going to feel that puncture the milk pod
and get it ready for making your milk
now I'm going to press the third button
here in the row of buttons now that
bottom button is simply for making milk
pots and you notice it's got a little
bit of a white fill in on it and this
way you can always know which one is the
milk button so we're just going to go
ahead and press that
now the machine is timed of course and
has a 19 bar pressure pump so it when
you press the milk button it's going to
know that you're making a milk pot
obviously it's going to apply the proper
amount of pressure in order to give you
some froth and foam which is what we
come to expect from your average cafe
latte of course right and there is a
little bit of a sweetness to the milk
powder that i have found with this
machine it's not overly sweet it's
definitely not as if you had added a
spoonful of sugar or anything like that
but it's just enough to give you that
milk flavor that you expect out of a
cafe latte so you can see I've got lots
of milk right here a cafe latte of
course primarily milk in a little bit of
espresso now I'm going to pop the lever
on the top of the machine I'm going to
let that now spent milk drop into the
pod holder which is down here on the
bottom of the machine now I'm going to
drop in my espresso roast verissimo pod
now one thing I should mention here is
that the verismo pods for espresso are
different from the pods which are used
for a regular brewed coffee with the
verissimo machine and that they do not
have a silver foil lining on the bottom
of the pot so you don't need to pull
anything off or anything like they just
need to take this pod and drop it into
the verissimo machine now drop it right
in so now let's go ahead and press the
first button which you remember earlier
was the rinse cycle but in this case it
is also the single shot of espresso
button and let's go ahead and press that
now this brew is pretty fast because
this is just a single shot of espresso
so as always when I'm laying the machine
do its work i'll remind you guys to
check us out on aromacup.com for more
great videos recipes and coupons and
information on single serve coffee so
there you go that is one single shot of
espresso now if you wanted to you could
add a little more coffee to your drink
by simply pressing that single button
one more time I found that I can get a
little bit more of a brew out of your
average verismo pod by just continuing
to brew by using it the single button
here on the top if you really want to
change the strength of your drink a
little bit you can also press the second
button which is the brewed coffee button
this will allow you to just run water
through the pod and when you get to the
desired amount of coffee or a little bit
of hot water simply press that button
again so this is a way that you can
adjust the flavor of your drink and
maybe get a little more off that for you
smoke pot but if you really want the
optimal flavor the way that starbucks
and tens for the drink to be made just
simply press that button on the top the
espresso / rinse bud and just press it
once and then you're ready to go with
your drink when you're all done there
open up that lever drop the spent pod
back into the pot holder down there on
the bottom and now you have your cafe
latte ready to go so you can see quick
and easy just make use of those two pods
make sure to rinse your machine before
you get going so that you can get the
best possible taste out of your your
beverage and then real quickly and
easily you can you can make your cafe
latte so you go guys that is an
exclusive recipe from us here at
aromacup.com make sure to check out our
other videos for more recipes and an
overview on the verismo by starbucks and
of course as always enjoy your cup i'm
brian with aromacup.com and i'll see you
guys next time take care